but some lip products age gracefully
this is there's no grace in this product
no grace hello my friends welcome to my
April favorites video oh I'm so excited
about this video I have so much stuff to
share with you now if you've never been
to one of my monthly favorites videos
it's a little bit different we do a
countdown style we start with the worst
product and working away all the way up
to the best now there are some of really
good products that I'm not getting to
mention this month because I had to
throw in some of the bad ones but there
are so many good ones left so definitely
make sure you hit the subscribe button
so that you don't miss my monthly
favorites next month where I can include
even more awesomeness we're gonna wait
on those we're going to tell you the
worst product that I tried this month
starting with number 10 at number 10
actually I probably tried this last
month but I don't think that I mention
it this is the Milani I tech defined two
and one brow an eyeliner felt tip pen
hmm this product is not functional so
the brow product is a marker okay this
is how it comes off and it comes off
really patchy like really really patchy
if you want straight up crazy Instagram
browse you may like this but if that's
not your thing like it's not my thing oh
no it looks weird now the eyeliner side
isn't quite as bad except for that it
has too much bend it basically bends in
half when you use it which makes it
really difficult to work with because
you want the tip this is a marker tip
you want it to be stiff enough so that
you can have control over because it
bends so much it's difficult to control
it is very very black lasting power is
not great and just a really really bad
products re Milani all right number 9
we've got the buxom brand new wildly
whipped soft matte lip colors I got two
shades I wanted to get a wild color and
a natural color there's more my comfort
zone so this one is called nudists it's
not so new that it makes you look like
you have dead lip but it is nude enough
that it is a nude my issue with this one
is it gives you that like collection on
your look right here after you
well it kind of collects it's similar to
informal it's simula it's similar in
formula to the oprah liquid lipsticks as
far as the whip eNOS of them they are
whipped these do not dry down completely
they drive but they do end up kind of a
satiny matts kind of finish so they're
very very nice as far as the initial
application of them it's just the where
I don't like of them and of that nude
one now the dark one was even worse this
one is in the shade criminal and with
criminal the issue with this one was
that it goes on very patchy and then if
once you do get it too opaque it wears
down extremely patchy to the point where
it just looks horrible like really
really bad like really bad like it sinks
into fine lines and it it wears off like
here but doesn't wear off on the outside
and me I know when you eat and things
you know what's going to wear down in
the middle more than the outside but
some lip products age gracefully this is
there's no grace in this product no
grace so I did not enjoy these even
though I did enjoy the initial
application of this one I don't I don't
like this formula I'm not a fan sorry
bugs I'm not a fan the next product I
was hoping to give to you as one of my
top products this month the first few
times I used it I was in love with it
but the more I looked at it the like up
close as I was applying it the less I
liked it this is the l'oreal magic
decrease eyelid primer this was kind of
an impulse buy during the Ulta sale and
it does mute out this coloration a bit I
like it better than the kat von d one as
far as muting out discoloration but what
I'm finding as I apply this and if
you've been around and a few different
of my videos and then also on periscope
you know that I've had trouble with
patchiness of this I would imagine if
you have dry eyelids this would be a
terrible product for you because I would
imagine it would just stick to anything
dry it's just the application of it is
not smooth it's very patchy to apply now
with that being said it does keep my
eyeshadow on a really long time so I
have to give it credit there and when I
put my shadow on over top of it like
this crazy look too
eh it was tutorial day on what's up and
make up Facebook page we're doing like a
monthly challenge so we had to do one
inspired by tutorial this is a look by
emilynoel83 i'll link her video down
below that i try to mix o solo crazy I'm
not as good at her as her is it I don't
think it looks too terrible but I'm
definitely not as good as her at it but
anyway I expect this eyeshadow to stay
on all day long because I had great
experience with my lasting power of my
eyeshadows going to use this product so
in the end it does a good job for me in
the beginning not so much it's very
weird to apply so that's why it's not
super low down because it is an
effective product but it is lower down
on my count down this month number seven
is one that I was really hoping would
also be higher up on my countdown this
is the makeup revolution vivid baked
highlighter and I have really been
raving about makeup revolution products
lately and people have told me that this
highlighter is amazing for them this was
not as amazing for me unfortunately this
one is in the shade peach lights and
maybe the ones that are not peach lights
are better this goes on very very patchy
for me very patchy like I just it's it's
not opaque the lasting power is not good
if you want a more subtle highlight you
might like this but again the lasting
power for me was not good on my normal
skin so I can't at this point recommend
this to you which makes me sad because I
love makeup revolution products overall
but this highlight did not work for me
I've had a lot of drugstore price
products keep up with my high end
products this does not keep up with it
for me sorry number six this month is
only number six because it's a very
ordinary product for me it's not good
it's not bad it's just nice I'm not good
I'm not nice i'm just writes no i just
my favorite musical but anyway this is
the urban decay naked skin one-and-done
hybrid complexion Perfector
broad-spectrum SPF 20 all you need to
know from that big long name is BB cream
that's all this is it's a tinted
moisturizer / BB cream they put in this
pretty packaging they've given us this
pretty name it's a BB cream that's all
it is extremely light coverage extremely
like
if you want something to make you look
very beautifully natural this is where
you want to go lasting power I can't
even really speak to it because you
can't really see it that much to the
start of the day so when you're going
from a level one or two coverage the end
of the day like am I still little one or
two I'm not even sure because I could
barely see it in the beginning so that's
kind of how I'm feeling about this it's
just it's definitely not worth the price
for me because I want like a three or
four coverage is where i'm looking for a
lighter coverage product not a one or
two so this may be going back to the
store I haven't decided yet hmm number
five this month is a mascara that I have
been absolutely loving it's one of my
new favorite mascaras but why is it in
number 5 because I think that it may be
a five for you even though it's probably
a three for me it's probably a five for
you because let me tell you why it
clumps thank you straight up it clumps
girlfriend it clumps this is the
voluminous butterfly sculpt by L'Oreal
it's the new version of their butterfly
mascara it has this beautiful wand oh my
gosh it's so gorgeous it looks like a
little butterfly wing but product
collects up inside the wand in this
little groove and the bristles aren't
very long so as you're applying it those
clumps go on to your lashes and it takes
some work to wiggle out those clumps but
if you can deal with that the end result
is absolutely gorgeous it is so
beautiful just long voluminous beautiful
lashes and experience any flaking I
don't have particularly watery eyes or
anything like that so I can't really
speak to how it would affect them with
watery eyes but I saw no flaking or or
smudging or anything like that with this
now we're starting to get into products
that I all just really loved you like
really loved and these are like the best
of the things that I love this month so
I hate even pointing this at number four
but my okay let me just tell you what it
is it's the inky minky lashes by Sabrina
I really really love her lashes i bought
these she did not send these to me I
really really love them these are in the
style white lie they're the ones that
I'm wearing today and I love them they
are so easy to apply I do need to trim
them a bit
I just trim off one of the sections on
the outer corner because my friends on
periscope taught me how to do it and
i've been using the ardell lash glue and
I've really been enjoying these my only
complaint about Enki making lashes I
wish they had some more natural options
because these are kind of as natural as
they get but that being said it helps me
to jump into the fall / pool very
quickly and it's a little scary at first
putting on lashes like this but I'm glad
that I did because it took me out of my
comfort zone immediately show that i
could get used to them and now i'm not
afraid of long lashes because of Enki
make your lashes i have used one of the
pairs now three times and they still
seem like they're brand new i will keep
you posted if I feel like they're
falling apart or anything but so far so
good they're really working well even
after the third use so thumbs up Sabrina
well done number three is a palette I
have really been loving this is the
violet Voss holy grail palette now I
know there are some mixed reviews on
this but I have to tell you I am giving
it a positive review overall the design
of this palette is absolutely perfect I
love the way they design it they've
gotten you know these peaches over here
they've got these oranges over here the
burnt kind of colors they've got more of
a pinky berry tones over here and then
you've got your Browns over here it was
just designed so beautifully a nice mix
of matt shimmers metallics I mean just
beautifully designed my complaint about
this is I feel like sometimes when I did
I don't even know which shadows
specifically in here but sometimes when
i do my looks i feel like that they
don't last all day long which is a
little bit disappointing but then other
days when i use different shadows they
do seem to last all day long it's very
hit and miss on the longevity of these
shadows but very very easy to apply very
very easy to work with i've heard people
comparing these two morphe shadows i do
like them more than my morphe shadows I
don't have enough experience with makeup
geek to compare them to makeup geek
since most of my makeup geek shadows are
from her original launch so I don't want
to compare them to make up he feel a
little nervous to even talk about this
because I know there's so many mixed
reviews on it but I'm telling you what I
think and I think that a lot of these
shadows are really really wonderful
these shades call to you I would
definitely recommend pick
up this palette if you can I think it's
definitely worth the money hey number
two and number one I both equally is
awesome in my heart but number one blew
me away and surprised me so much that's
why it's number one I knew I was going
to love this this is the honest hacia
glow kit in gleam this is the lighter
cooler one there's a deeper warmer one
as well oh my gosh such a fun fun
highlighting palette oh my goodness if
you have no highlighters in your
collection i definitely recommend
picking up one of these these pants are
ginormous they're going to take forever
for you to go through and they're all
such beautiful shades really really
beautiful we've got one called hard
candy which has a really cool pink shift
in there a little more wild a little
less natural well none of these are
really natural they're all really pop
and highlight so if you like pop and
highlights that's where you're going
with this if you don't like pop and
highlights and you just want a subtle
highlight go for like hourglass or
something like that this one is called
mimosa it's more of like a edging on
beccas opal it's more similar to that
it's not the same but some more similar
in tone to that and then down here we
have starburst which is a pinky kind of
highlight and then you've got a
champagne highlight and crushed pearl I
have no highlights that match these
exactly where these really really really
impressed me is the longevity of them
they last all stinking day I can put
them on at eight o'clock in the morning
they're there end of the day still there
eight o'clock at night still stink in
there Becca highlights last about three
hours and they're gone they're beautiful
and then they're gone these do not do
that so definitely recommend these over
the Becca highlights I have to tell you
that's my personal opinion they're
wonderful absolutely absolutely
absolutely wonderful i got this at the
vib rouge sale this was not sent to me
now number one I cannot believe this was
number one like some of these I was like
oh I thought they were gonna be higher
on the countdown and I thought doesn't
be good it wasn't this one I had no idea
this was like a total impulse buy had no
idea it was gonna be part of the
countdown like that it was gonna be this
high office even though was gonna be
number one like there was no way this is
the tart so fine liquid liner who upset
before and I'll say it again this
is so fun it's so fun it makes me so
happy and I have to say that this is now
beating my Holy Grail eyeliner which is
the Jesse scroll liquid eyeliner from
you can get it at rite-aid this is
better the price difference you may just
want to go with the Jesse's girl because
it's not that much better but i would
recommend if you have never used liquid
eyeliner before or if you are a beginner
in any way with eyeliner i would
definitely recommend picking this up
because it is so easy to use it's the
opposite complete opposite of the Milani
the point on this is so far it is so so
so thin and tiny so this is going to
give you that very subtle eyeliner look
you press it right next to your lashes
or next to your false lashes if you want
to cover up your band and just draw the
teeniest tiniest little line and it is
so easy to use so this is from the rain
force of the sea collection you can see
the packaging up here the coloring up
here and the reason why I compare this
my Jesse scroll is when i do my wing a
lot of times i'm busy during the day i
have things going on and I accidentally
itched the side of my eye and the next
thing I know I'm flying crooked I got a
wing on one side and no one on the other
side and there's nobody there to tell me
hey Jen you rubbed off your wing or it's
like stretched so far because I've
pulled it and now I've got this black
mess of craziness on the side of my face
and it's like brown okay this one does
not budge doesn't budge through the day
it will still be there and it's like I
don't have to worry about it and that's
it for my countdown this month I hope
you enjoyed it I hope you learned a lot
and found some products that you
definitely don't want to buy maybe some
products that you do want to try
definitely feel free to leave your ideas
of what you loved or hated this month so
we can all learn from you in the
collective brain of makeup awesomeness
in the comments down below you're not a
subscribing you'd like to join the
community feel free to hit that
subscribe button us right over there
also over there is what's up in makeup
which is my weekly wake make up a news
show that goes live every Sunday morning
and I tell you all the latest makeup
releases all in the United States link
is right over there and if you click my
face right now it will take you to an
altar video that you may enjoy that you
may not have ever seen because it's so
stinking old your arm oh
advice i will put a link to the mystery
video down below along with a list of
products that were mentioned in the
video today so you can use it as a
reference and also i will link
emilynoel83 tutorial for this I look
that I tried to recreate so you'll be
able to see what it was really supposed
to look like and how it's really
supposed to be done down if you are
curious about this I look and what
products I used I use pretty much the
exact same products as far as except for
I use its use the mac pigment and I used
a naked cosmetics pigment so other than
that it's pretty much exactly the same
so I want to thank you so very much for
watching a mad love and I'll see you
soon bye